1x22 - Stronger, Faster
Hmm.
Suprisingly stable.
Hey Ratchet.
Is that syntetic Energon?
Well, yes... in fact I'm
preparing to test the sample.
I see that you'd come equipped
with protective goggles.
I can watch?
We just add some
to this test engine...
It works! Bee!
This iteration of the formula
requires further trial
before we can even think
about using it for fuel,
ammunition, or first aid,
which is rather unfortunate,
since our own energon reserves
are at an all-time low.
Our severely
outnumbered warriors
have been rapidly burning
through our stockpile of late
as the decepticon army continues
to run us ragged
and grind us down.
Natural energon is in such
short supply on your planet,
and Megatron seems
to have his oily claws
buried deep in all the
earth's deposits.
But if we can successfully
produce a synthetic form,
we can manufacture
all the energy we'll ever need.
More energon on the move.
Again?
Their recent activity
suggests a familiar pattern.
The decepticons
are desperately scouting
for new deposits to mine.
Autobots!
Optimus...
If one of you comes back
wounded this time --
well, our energon reserves
are nearly depleted.
Understood.
Activate the ground bridge.
Autobots, roll out!
Sometimes I wish I could do more.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
synced by f1nc0
-- addic7ed.com --
Ratchet?
Wake up!
How is it that such small beings
can be so loud?
Are you hurt?
You fell.
I'm fine.
I'm...
...more than fine.
Ah!
Energy efficiency is up 30%?
Motor function's optimal?
Any word from the others?
Knockout, can't we
just bridge out of here?
This cube's putting some
serious drag on me.
The more we give
the autobots a workout,
the more fuel they burn,
and we win the energon race.
Besides, here comes air support.
Arcee, fall back.
You're outnumbered.
We're always outnumbered.
We need that energon.
Ratchet, lock on to Arcee's coordinates
and prepare an emergency
ground bridge.
I'm locked on.
Arcee, decelerate and prepare
to return to base.
Save it, Ratchet.
I'm too close.
Don't be a fool!
She's hurt.
Man the ground bridge.
Ratchet?
Looks like the autobots brought
in a ringer.
Well, then, I'll ring his bell.
It'll have to wait.
What happened?
I only saw the gory aftermath,
but I hear that doc was
a one-bot wrecking machine.
Hey, little fella.
All right, what's your secret?
No secret.
Just a little something
I like to call synthen.
From the data Bulkhead transcribed?
I thought the formula was --
Incomplete?
Not anymore.
So, Ratchet makes a better
tough guy than I do a smart guy?
Ratchet, I question the wisdom
of using yourself as a test subject.
Optimus, you didn't see
Ratchet out there.
He was in overdrive.
We should all try this stuff.
Or give Ratchet more
so we can take a vacation.
I agree that the initial results
seem promising,
but I recommend
that further testing
be confined to machines,
not autobots.
Outnumbered though we may be,
old friend,
we need a warrior
in the laboratory right now
more than we need another
in the field.
And then he came right at me.
And I...
Well, come on, Bulk.
Come at me.
I don't want to hurt you,
Ratch.
I said come at me!
What was that?
You have competition, Bulk.
I'm a bit stronger than I used to be.
Also a bit faster.
Think you can take me,
muscle car?
Wimp.
How's it humming?
Did he just...
Stronger, faster, studlier.
I need to be at the top
of my game.
Our survival depends upon it.
Looks like the 'cons hit another vein.
Autobots, roll out.
Hey, hey, shouldn't we wait
for our secret weapon?
This mission is unlikely
to require medical expertise.
But you never know
if it may require
additional firepower.
Bumblebee can handle
ground bridge duty.
Time to put some hurt
on those decepticons!
Signal's weak.
They may have hit a vein,
but they won't find much
of an energon pulse -- not here.
I take some comfort in the fact
that Megatron seems as desperate
to find the stuff as we are.
Do you two always talk this much
during these missions?
Autobots!
It's all right.
I'm an emergency vehicle.
Why the big rush?
Just trying to get as far
as I can from the autobot stink.
Does your boss know
you have a potty mouth?
Maybe I should pay him a visit
and tell him.
Get melted, wheel grinder!
Melted?
Now, there's a concept.
I won't ask you a second time.
Where is Megatron?
No, no, no!
That's all I know.
Really!
Now, was that so difficult?
Ratchet!
What are you doing?
Getting results.
And breaking protocol.
That was a decepticon miner,
servant class, not warrior class.
Oh, and let me guess.
I'm just the medic.
Autobots do not inflict harm
unless all other options
have been exhausted.
It is what separates us
from the decepticons.
Is this really the time
for another lecture, Optimus?
You didn't just happen
to discover Megatron's
current location, did you?
Well, I did!
And do you happen to know
where there's a stockpile
of raw energon
ripe for the taking?
I do!
Come on, Ratchet.
Calm it down.
Calm is the last thing
we need!
Calm is what lost us Cybertron!
The 'cons have a warship,
an army.
All this energon scouting,
you think Megatron isn't
gearing up for something big?
We're squandering our resources
chasing after his crumbs
when we really need to be
hitting him hard
and hitting him now,
precisely where it hurts!
A direct assault
on the decepticons
would only provoke retaliation
and lead to incalculable losses.
I will not endanger
innocent human lives.
Yet you seem to have
no problem endangering ours.
Just ask Cliffjumper.
Oh, I forgot.
He couldn't be here today.
That's it.
You know your problem,
Optimus?
For such a big, strong bot,
you're soft.
You didn't pound Megatron
into scrap
when you had the chance --
many chances, in fact.
I'm afraid that the
synthetic energon
has impaired your judgment,
old friend.
I am confining you to base
until further notice.
Bumblebee, bridge us back.
Fine.
I can't get a fix
on Ratchet's coordinates.
That bogus energon
must be scrambling his signal.
Keep trying.
We've got to find Ratchet
before he finds Megatron.
Yeah, she's kind of domineering,
And the extra arms are weird,
but I find myself intrigued
by her.
I was wondering
when you might show.
You call yourself a scientist?
You were supposed to
have located
a fresh energon source
by now!
Apologies, lord Megatron.
we got a little distracted by
the new autobot who attacked us.
Really?
And what new autobot
would that be?
Well, uh...
That is your fearsome
new adversary?
He's Optimus Prime's medic.
Oh, no, Megatron.
I am your doctor of doom.
All right, then.
For Cybertro--
Ratchet is rather more spirited
than I recollect.
Chemical enhancement,
perhaps?
There's your laboratory sample,
doctor.
Find out.
If a chemical can do this
for Optimus Prime's lap dog,
imagine what it could
do for our troops.
Optimus.
I've been a fool.
Optimus, Ratchet's signal.
It's back online.
Bumblebee.
Autobots, roll out!
Doctor to doctor, I must say,
your contribution
to the decepticon cause
is very much appreciated.
I'll be sure to boast of your
accomplishment when you're gone,
which will happen in three, two...
Scrap!
What are you going to do,
drink it?
No.
I'm going to destroy it.
You idiot!
Megatron will have my head!
Easy, old friend.
You lost a lot of energon --
good and bad.
I --
I didn't intend to hurt anyone.
I just wanted so badly to...
Help us.
We know.
But you nearly caused the loss
of something irreplaceable --
our medic and
a most trusted friend.
You did lead us to a much
needed energon supply.
And for that, we should
all be thankful.
The synthetic energon formula
clearly needs refining
Before it can be tested again.
On machines, not autobots.
Let us take comfort in the fact
that you were able to dispose
of the quantity that remained.
synced by f1nc0
-- addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org